hi all welcome to a in movie
but i'm going to show you your own
necessary
5 allows and also at the last
how you can make something fun with being
very short tutorial
she also made me very fast and easy
what you need for this is a can i
just use it on a can can
can be normal
elastic band to make your laundry and a
slide pin
naturally start with her loose you can
top up a bit like what
sometimes in this way against the
direction in combing
little on top a little red port
yes there is slightly more volume in the structure
in what we do now just kill her
grabbing him does not lower him a bit
completely at its lowest with the
in between
you grab it that it's not quite
looks tight here on the side
make sure your first does not
so that you are a bit really tight
against your head to this nice good
attract
what we are going to do now is actually normal
always a bit attracting and the
release with a game in between
these two
you pull this because suddenly
good on too
thereafter
pull the piece yourself something again
closer to my head the end
what is important is that your rubber band
your tail is close to your head
but that this hair is a bit round here
is a bit loose is the biggest
part is the basically what i am
always likes is that you stay
of the rubber band
blame your hair tuft her him
leads so that it looks like you have one
her song saw how this part
need the disk
grab a small stool
then it revolved around your tail us
very much you go
as often as possible , it depends on how
longer you have a small piece left
have
at the bottom bake the slider
fasten it and then you have rubber band
of the hair
to make it a little messy
I always like it even more
to check
and especially what tufts are on
own cross but I had another tip
one last tip to make it something so
to make it more cheerful and it's gone
means you have to be very simple
Who knows yet nothing is so may be
you tail what the high is so much
creates a very weird let you look
then I would really be seven layers
have to make or a little to no
say
I hope you liked this movie a lot
to experience success
and see you next time